# Buildbotics Controller Schematics & PCB Layout
The top-level schematic is in the file ``buildbotics_controller.sch``.  To view
and edit the schematics run:

    make schematics

You must have ``make`` and the GEDA tools install.  Other make commands are:

  * ``pcb``    - Open the PCB editor.
  * ``bom``    - Create Bill of Materials as ``buildbotics_controller.bom``.
  * ``net``    - Generate the netlist as ``buildbotics_controller.net``.
  * ``drc``    - Run the Design Rule Checker.
  * ``layout`` - Initialize the PCB layout.
  * ``attrib`` - Edit schematic part attributes.
  * ``zip``    - Create a zip file from the Gerber and drill files.
  * ``tidy``   - Remove all backup files.
  * ``clean``  - Remove all autogenerated files.

# Configuration notes
Copy the system gnetlistrc file:

    mkdir -p ~/.gEDA
    cp /etc/gEDA/system-gnetlistrc ~/.gEDA/gnetlistrc

Edit ``~/.gEDA/gnetlistrc`` and comment out (insert semicolon) the line that
reads:

    (hierarchy-netattrib-mangle "enabled")

and uncomment the line that reads:

    ;(hierarchy-netattrib-mangle "disabled")

The resulting lines should look like this:

    ;(hierarchy-netattrib-mangle "enabled")
    (hierarchy-netattrib-mangle "disabled")

This allows power and ground rails to be routed between schematics without
mangling the names.  Note, that as a consequence of this setting you cannot
use ``net`` attributes in any schematic modules that are used more than once
with out having them all connected together.

Set the library path in PCB to point to the local footprints folder.  Use
``File->Preferences->Library`` in PCB to do this.

# License
Copyright Buildbotics LLC 2016-2020.

This source describes Open Hardware and is licensed under the CERN-OHL-S v2

You may redistribute and modify this documentation and make products
using it under the terms of the CERN-OHL-S v2 (https:/cern.ch/cern-ohl).
This documentation is distributed WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED
WARRANTY, INCLUDING OF MERCHANTABILITY, SATISFACTORY QUALITY
AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. Please see the CERN-OHL-S v2
for applicable conditions.

Source location: https://github.com/buildbotics

As per CERN-OHL-S v2 section 4, should You produce hardware based on
these sources, You must maintain the Source Location clearly visible on
the external case of the CNC Controller or other product you make using
this documentation.
